#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
anyio==3.3.1
    # via jupyter-server
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via pooch
argon2-cffi==21.1.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
argparse==1.4.0
    # via pytoolbox
astropy==4.3.1
    # via scikit-image
attrs==21.2.0
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest
babel==2.9.1
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
backports.entry-points-selectable==1.1.0
    # via virtualenv
beautifulsoup4==4.10.0
    # via libpysal
bleach==4.1.0
    # via nbconvert
bqplot==0.12.30
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2021.5.30
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   pipenv
    #   pyproj
    #   requests
cffi==1.14.6
    # via argon2-cffi
charset-normalizer==2.0.4
    # via requests
click==8.0.1
    # via
    #   click-plugins
    #   cligj
    #   fiona
    #   pip-tools
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via fiona
cligj==0.7.2
    # via fiona
cloudpickle==2.0.0
    # via
    #   dask
    #   scikit-image
cycler==0.10.0
    # via matplotlib
dask[array]==2021.9.0
    # via scikit-image
debugpy==1.4.3
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.0
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
distlib==0.3.2
    # via virtualenv
entrypoints==0.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
filelock==3.0.12
    # via virtualenv
fiona==1.8.20
    # via geopandas
fsspec==2021.8.1
    # via dask
future==0.18.2
    # via perspective-python
geojson==2.5.0
    # via gmaps
geopandas==0.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   momepy
    #   osmnx
gmaps==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==3.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
imageio==2.9.0
    # via scikit-image
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
ipykernel==6.4.1
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipyleaflet==0.14.0
    # via -r requirements.in
ipython==7.27.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   gmaps
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipywidgets==7.6.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bqplot
    #   gmaps
    #   ipyleaflet
    #   jupyter
    #   k3d
    #   perspective-python
jedi==0.18.0
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.0.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   libpysal
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
json5==0.9.6
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==7.0.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.4.0
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==4.7.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-server==1.11.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
jupyterlab==3.1.11
    # via k3d
jupyterlab-pygments==0.1.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.8.1
    # via jupyterlab
jupyterlab-widgets==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipywidgets
k3d==2.11.0
    # via -r requirements.in
kiwisolver==1.3.2
    # via matplotlib
libpysal==4.5.1
    # via momepy
locket==0.2.1
    # via partd
lxml==4.6.3
    # via -r requirements.in
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via jinja2
matplotlib==3.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   networkx
    #   osmnx
    #   scikit-image
    #   seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==0.8.4
    # via nbconvert
momepy==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
munch==2.5.0
    # via fiona
nbclassic==0.3.1
    # via jupyterlab
nbclient==0.5.4
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==6.1.0
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.1.3
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
networkx[default]==2.6.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   momepy
    #   osmnx
    #   scikit-image
notebook==6.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
    #   nbclassic
    #   widgetsnbextension
numpy==1.21.2
    # via
    #   astropy
    #   bqplot
    #   dask
    #   imageio
    #   k3d
    #   libpysal
    #   matplotlib
    #   networkx
    #   osmnx
    #   pandas
    #   perspective-python
    #   pyamg
    #   pyerfa
    #   pygeos
    #   pywavelets
    #   scikit-image
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   tifffile
osmnx==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
owslib==0.25.0
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==21.0
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   dask
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   pooch
    #   pytest
pandas==1.3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bqplot
    #   geopandas
    #   libpysal
    #   networkx
    #   osmnx
    #   perspective-python
    #   seaborn
pandocfilters==1.4.3
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.2
    # via jedi
partd==1.2.0
    # via dask
pep517==0.11.0
    # via pip-tools
perspective-python==0.10.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==8.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   scikit-image
pip-tools==6.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pipenv==2021.5.29
    # via -r requirements.in
platformdirs==2.3.0
    # via virtualenv
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via pytest
pooch==1.5.1
    # via scikit-image
prettytable==2.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
prometheus-client==0.11.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.20
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
py==1.10.0
    # via pytest
pyamg==4.1.0
    # via scikit-image
pyaml==21.8.3
    # via pytoolbox
pycparser==2.20
    # via cffi
pydot==1.4.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pyerfa==2.0.0
    # via astropy
pygeos==0.10.2
    # via momepy
pygments==2.10.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab-pygments
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
pygraphviz==1.7
    # via -r requirements.in
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
    #   pydot
pyproj==3.2.0
    # via
    #   geopandas
    #   osmnx
    #   owslib
pyrsistent==0.18.0
    # via jsonschema
pytest==6.2.5
    # via pyamg
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   owslib
    #   pandas
    #   perspective-python
python-dotenv==0.19.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-igraph==0.9.6
    # via -r requirements.in
python-magic==0.4.24
    # via pytoolbox
pytoolbox==14.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2021.1
    # via
    #   babel
    #   owslib
    #   pandas
    #   pytoolbox
pywavelets==1.1.1
    # via scikit-image
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   dask
    #   owslib
    #   pyaml
pyzmq==22.2.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.1.1
    # via jupyter
qtpy==1.11.0
    # via
    #   qtconsole
    #   scikit-image
requests==2.26.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   libpysal
    #   osmnx
    #   owslib
    #   pooch
    #   pytoolbox
    #   requests-unixsocket
requests-unixsocket==0.2.0
    # via jupyter-server
rtree==0.9.7
    # via osmnx
scikit-image[optional]==0.18.3
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   libpysal
    #   networkx
    #   pyamg
    #   scikit-image
    #   seaborn
seaborn==0.11.2
    # via -r requirements.in
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
shapely==1.7.1
    # via
    #   geopandas
    #   osmnx
simpleitk==2.1.1
    # via scikit-image
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   cycler
    #   fiona
    #   gmaps
    #   jsonschema
    #   munch
    #   perspective-python
    #   python-dateutil
    #   virtualenv
sniffio==1.2.0
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.2.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
terminado==0.12.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
testpath==0.5.0
    # via nbconvert
texttable==1.6.4
    # via python-igraph
tifffile==2021.8.30
    # via scikit-image
toml==0.10.2
    # via pytest
tomli==1.2.1
    # via pep517
toolz==0.11.1
    # via
    #   dask
    #   partd
tornado==6.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   perspective-python
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.62.2
    # via momepy
traitlets==5.1.0
    # via
    #   bqplot
    #   gmaps
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-server
    #   k3d
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   perspective-python
    #   qtconsole
    #   traittypes
traittypes==0.2.1
    # via
    #   bqplot
    #   ipyleaflet
    #   k3d
urllib3==1.26.6
    # via
    #   requests
    #   requests-unixsocket
virtualenv==20.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pipenv
virtualenv-clone==0.5.7
    # via pipenv
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via
    #   prettytable
    #   prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via bleach
websocket-client==1.2.1
    # via jupyter-server
wget==3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
wheel==0.37.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pip-tools
widgetsnbextension==3.5.1
    # via ipywidgets

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
